Use passed in credentials to deploy instead of getting the local kube config (#524)
nodeshift/nodeshift: README.md

This connect to Minikubes docker server, create a new container and then deploy and expose that container with a `Deployment` and `Service`

#### Openshift Rest Client Configuration

> Nodeshift uses the [Openshift Rest Client](https://github.com/nodeshift/openshift-rest-client) under the hood to make all REST calls to the cluster.  By default, the rest client will look at your `~/.kube/config` file to autheticate you.  This file will be created when you do an `oc login`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nodeshift uses the [Openshift Rest Client](https://github.com/nodeshift/openshift-rest-client) under the hood to make all REST calls to the cluster.  By default, the rest client will look at your `~/.kube/config` file to authenticate you.  This file will be created when you do an `on login`.
```

Reviewer: Please discard `oc login` -- `on login` suggestion

If you don't want to use `oc` to login first, you can pass in a username, password, and the apiServer of the cluster to authenticate against.  If you are using a cluster with a self-signed certificate(like code ready containers), then you will need to add the `insecure` flag.

Also note, that when accessing the cluster this way,  the namespace will default to `default`.  If you need to target another namespace,  use the `namespace.name` flag.  Just make sure the user you use has the appropriate permissions.

An example of this might look something like this:

> `npx nodeshift --username developer --password develer --apiServer https://apiserver_for_cluster --insecure --namespace.name nodejs-examples`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`npx nodeshift --username developer --password developer --apiServer https://apiserver_for_cluster --insecure --namespace.name nodejs-examples`
```
